Wow, that was fast.
Well, good evening everybody. Thank you
for joining us tonight. I
don't know where Braden wants to go from
here. I've got my microphone, but I had
a really interesting conversation
yesterday on the phone.
Every year, I evaluate where we are,
what the Lord has done, and what we could
do better. Especially now that we're
in ministry, I
evaluate
the intimacy level—checking your
thermostat, as I call it. Where
is
your thermostat with God? How
are things? If you were to get your
report card or your evaluation
at
work
for
how you did for the
year—your
review for the
year—and
the boss comes in and says,
'Well, you could have done this
better, or you did this
really well, and your progress report was
pretty good, so we'll give you a raise
or keep you
where you are.'I go over things
with the Father like that all the time at the
end of the
year.
I always evaluate and write
things down because I don't want
to be where I am at this time next year.
I look and see if I made any
progress spiritually.
After I had a really interesting
conversation with a
mega-minister
yesterday—he
called and
wanted to talk to me—I asked
some questions that I normally don't
ask,
but the Lord told
me to
ask him because he would have
the answers.
I asked about a lot of
mega-prophets
and how
come they didn't sustain in ministry or
why
they went home early.
I asked what happened to
some of these prophetic voices that
have gone before us. He went over
the details of why some of
these
major voices that used to be—that are
no more—fell,
and
why their
ministries faltered.
He knew a lot of the
answers. As we were talking,
it really bothered me.
One person was
messed up with homosexuality.
One was messing around with
golden idols. There
were
so many different things.
As I heard it all,
I paused. They
all started out really good
with great
intentions and great intimacy with
the Father.
You don't get there without intimacy.
But what went wrong?
I'm not going to reveal these
men's names, but as I was thinking
about people I had looked up to
and
admired, you see
the
slow
fade
after year
after year of
ministry.
I didn't get the answer right
off. I
was praying all last night
and
seeking the Lord because of the
things He's showing me.
As you're checking your thermostat
of where you are with the Father, you
have to ask, 'How is my
relationship with
God?'I
don't ever want to be
arrogant and say, 'That will never happen
to me,'because these people, in my opinion,
were the best over the years.
How do you stay on the
right road? How do you self-evaluate?
I woke up this morning and the Lord
spoke to me in my sleep.
He said,
'Intimacy is what gets you there
with Me, and intimacy is what will keep
you
there.'So
many times, these
ministers start with healings,
demonstrations, and
manifestations,
but they lose the intimacy with the
Father. The gift is separate from
intimacy. Intimacy is how you got the
gift, but it's not how you sustain it.
Over
time,
you get so caught
up—because
it's trying to happen to
me—with
the pulling on the gift
that
you believe
walking underneath that mantle
is
intimacy for the day.
You're so busy with all the people
pulling on you that you
don't separate
yourself to have the
intimacy that got the gift in the first
place.
It becomes robotic.
The Lord said, 'Brandon, it's a slow
fade.
Many of the ministers you were told
about yesterday started out just
like
you—on
fire and effective.
But the gift and callings of God are
without
repentance.'You
can
operate in a gift while there is stuff
going on in your personal life because
the gift is without repentance.
You qualify for it,
but if you cut yourself off the
vine, you
don't
die
instantaneously.
Intimacy keeps you on the vine.
You cannot let
intimacy with the Father die,
or eventually,
your ministry will be
short-lived.
You cannot
rely just on the experience of
healings and demonstrations.
I
always tell you that covering comes on
me and I can feel it when I'm praying,
but
the Lord was warning me: just because
you have that
impartation at that time doesn't mean
you're
walking in intimacy with Me.
You have to check your
spiritual thermostat. They
are
two different things.
He's been talking to me
about evaluating your progress report.
I'm real open about
things, and I learn as I go. Some
of the
elders
who
went before us,
like Jack
Coe,
were
warned about their weight.
He
was in his 30s when he passed
away.
What a tragic thing for somebody who
walked in so much creative miracles
to only have a ministry last until
their 30s.
This is so taxing,
with
so much
demand.
If you keep going down the
road—because
some people were
committing adultery
or
were homosexual—the Lord
warned them, 'If you keep going down
this road, you're going to
hell.'The
word of the Lord came up so
strong about this stuff that it
shook me.
I even knew a man personally
who
was messing around on his wife for
two years prior to getting caught.
The only reason he got caught was a
text message.
People ask how he
kept
preaching. He said
the word is truth
regardless. So I'm just preaching the
word. It's okay; I knew that if
I could just keep preaching the word, it
didn't matter about my personal life
because the word always stands by
itself. I believe that was it, wasn't
it?
And I was just thinking that is such a
dangerous place to be. But just going
over your year for 2025 and going
into 2026 and looking at what God has
for you so that you take what you did
well
into the year and strip off the bad things.
And the Lord told me,
'Brandon, I've warned and warned
my
people.'It
keeps stirring up inside of me, what the Lord told me to
say about 2026 and 1 Corinthians 5:5.
As I lay there this morning
and listened
to the Father, I said, 'God,
help me. Search me, know me, create in
me a clean heart. Strip all this stuff
off. Whatever it takes, intimacy
with
Me is more important than anything
else.
Who cares if the
platform pulls you away from the Father?
If
you're so
distracted with the platform, then
it's time to prune it.
Does that make sense? He's first.
Intimacy is everything to have a
relationship—the
fellowship that got you there in the
first place—to sustain it. That's
where dryness comes in.
There's so much dryness. I see
pastors teaching out of
their dryness and there's no good word.
I
even talked to one man and he said,
'It's interesting. I can
go into a service and they're still
preaching on something that they were
preaching
30 years ago.
Thirty
years later, they
don't have any new wine or new
wineskins,
continually
preaching the same
thing.'You
get to the point where you
ask,
'Do you not have any fresh
Rhema
from
God?'Now,
I know Brother Hagin taught
Mark 11:23-24, but there was an anointing
on it when he preached it.
You could feel the tangible presence of
God when he taught that. So obviously,
in those cases, it was meant for
him to preach. Now, for some of these
other
people, it's like
going into the Mojave Desert and
wondering,
'Why am I even
here?'It's
interesting when you talk to
people who have been through the
trenches, like the person I talked to
yesterday and another
one of my mentors. It's been
interesting, the people who have called.
You get to meditate on
these things and walk
away thinking, 'I don't want to say
I'll never do that.'I always want to
self-evaluate and be
humble about it. I'm not saying I'm better than
them; heavens, no. For some of these
people, I couldn't even tie their
shoelaces.
But if you
don't self-evaluate your relationship
and look at your thermostat with God,
you'll drift off easily. Just
because you have a call and
there's a mantle or
an
impartation on that call doesn't mean
that your intimacy level is good.
You must self-evaluate all the time and
say, 'Father, how are you and I? Not
the ministry. How am I with you?
How are things going? Am I doing okay?
Am I pleasing to
you?'After
I sat and wept on the floor,
He gave me a word. That word was
intimacy. It was private for me, but I'm
very thankful for where I am with my
Father.
Yes, there are things you can work
on. Ultimately, if you cut yourself
from the vine, you don't instantaneously
dry up and die. It's a slow
fade. You
are dying
instantaneously, but
the branch always has life
for a little bit. You can even cut it
and see
green
underneath the bark.
The leaves start to wither first, the
fruit fades, and all of a sudden, what was
once alive becomes dead because He's the
true source.
I realized as I listened
that
I don't want to be a statistic in
ministry.
So as I focus on what
could be done better in 2026,
I want
the capacity to reach the lost
to
increase. The capacity for healing must
increase—not
just physical healing,
but mental and emotional healing. There
are
so many people
on
our email list dealing with
mental drama.
I try to be a place of
refreshing for all people to come and
drink from, so that when they are
here, they get a fresh touch from the
Holy Ghost. The only way you can
give—'Silver
and gold have I none, but such as
I have give I thee: In the name of Jesus
Christ of Nazareth rise up and
walk'—is through
intimacy. They had been
with Jesus. They were unlearned,
uneducated men who had been
with Jesus. That's what the Bible says.
The world marveled
because they had been with Jesus.
It's not just being with Him
once;
it's being with Him continually, sitting
at His feet. It's the intimacy with the
Father that says, 'Jesus, I'm here. I
need You to change me and take me from
glory to glory.'In Diana's and my
case, we
practice what we preach
when
we say we walk in love—sowing
even when
you don't want to sow, giving
and being where God tells you to be.
It's interesting because we laugh about
things. We always say Joyce
Meyer
talks about how in the kingdom of
God, a lot of things are backwards.
When
people treat you badly, you don't go after
them or be mean;
you
walk in love. When you
sow,
you give your
money away to believe God for extra.
Everything
seems
awkward,
upside down, and inside out. We
love Joyce
Meyer,
don't
we?
Everything goes against your
flesh. When you think, 'Lord,
are You going to release me from
this church to move on because of this
and that?'and the Lord says, 'No, I
want you to
stay,'and
you keep working things out,
it
makes your flesh scream. If your
flesh isn't screaming, you aren't growing
spiritually.
You need to know this. When He says
to
clean toilets for years,
do it with a good
heart—without
grumbling and
complaining.
Live in a shotgun house for 20
years. Do what I've asked
without grumbling and
complaining. Do all that you do, in
word and
deed,
to the glory of God, and He'll
release you.
Do it with a joyful heart.
The willing and obedient
will eat the good of the
land, not the grudging.
There are
so many times the Lord tells Diana
and me
to do something against our
flesh. He says, 'I want you to sow
this.'I think,
'Are you kidding me?'But then
I say,
'Okay, I'll do it.'But
I can't
do it with a grudging heart; I
have to
do it with joy. 'I love a
cheerful giver, Brandon.'So
I
do it with
a cheerful attitude and
walk in love.
This
happens to me all the time. The Lord
says, 'This is molding you. If you do
what I tell you, you'll go to the
next level. I'm
watching your heart.'In a vision, I saw
a path of white;
it was beautiful but
skinny, with no edges. As
far as the eye could see, it was
a dimension.
I pulled
out of it because it freaked me out.
I had to meditate on
it
because the Lord was dealing
with me. I saw
the nose. I saw a cheek, and I saw the
side of a mouth. His face
was right on the edge of the path, but
his eye was all I could see. I
didn't say this, but he spoke to me in an
audible voice in my house. That's why
it freaked me out. I heard it. And
he says, 'I'm watching you.
I'm watching you.'And that's why I
started singing His Eye Is on the Sparrow,
for I know he watches me. That's why I
sang that song because he said to me,
'I'm watching you, Brandon.
I'm watching you and how you make these
decisions and these choices. Do
you qualify to go to the next level?
Do you qualify to get more?
I have more in store in 2026. I have
more in store in the days
ahead.'But
do you qualify for it?
What qualifies you?
Obedience.
Listening whenever your flesh screams.
Will you qualify, ladies and gentlemen,
for what God has for you by obedience?
Obedience is better than sacrifice. And
it's not always easy when he tells you...
when people call and say,
'I got another call yesterday to go to
the White House.'This is
the fourth time.
To go to the White House, fourth time.
'No,
don't go. Not
yet.''Well,
you need to give me an
answer.'I
could have been there today at the White
House. It could have been very interesting
to meet Jentezen Franklin and
Paula
White again and another man.
These people... I always butcher
his name, that's why I don't try to say
it. It's his Spanish name,
a
pastor from Miami. That's what I say.
Sorry, I know he's probably watching; I
don't mean to be rude. It's just I'm
not real good with names sometimes, but
all the opportunities that come across
your path, you're so thankful for what
God opens the door maybe, but at the
same time, I want to make sure
I don't do things without hearing him.
So I say, I was taught by
another prophetic voice:
go low, go slow. Don't do
anything quick. If it needs a quick
answer, tell them no. Go low, go
slow inside.
And
that's what we do.
It's very... and I learned
that's what keeps you on balance.
Do you want to read what the Lord said?
Because he said it a lot better when you
get it on recording. 'Love,
Diana.''Oh,
I thought you said it perfect. You
want me to still read
it?''No.
Did I say it
perfect?''You
said it
beautiful.'Okay,
love. I just want to make sure
because I want to
communicate it where people get this,
because if you don't listen to what I'm
telling you, I truly believe with all my
heart that people
won't make it in ministry, just like we've
seen.
And I keep trying to go and I
want so bad for longevity, but not just
longevity
where
you see mega-ministers with big
houses, big cars, big planes, runways,
whatever, with hundreds of millions
in the bank, whatever TV program.
Listen, folks, I'm
just
into him. The byproduct of
following him is blessing. I get that.
But where I'm at right now is I want
that anointing so strong that whenever
people see it, they see Jesus in me and
they say, 'Brandon,
what must I do to be saved?
What must I do to be
saved?'I
am so broken that when
my
shadow passes by,
the power of God radiates out of me
so
strong that they get healed by the
Holy Ghost because the glory of the Lord
is
inside of me. Silver and gold have I
none,
but such as I have give I thee.
I think about them all the time—the
disciples—and
they walked... they
had been with Jesus.
What does it take to stay with Jesus in
these modern days with all
these
distractions, with all
the social media and all these things,
and you've got to get money and you've
got to raise your kids and go to church?
You've
got all these things and all these
voices, and I just
keep the main thing the main thing. And
it's like my friend Billy says—call him
my mentor now, my spiritual father:
'Go vertical, Brandon.
You must stay vertical and keep
humble.'The
longevity, even in your ministry, is
to maintain humility in these last
days. I always listen to him;
maintain humility.
There's so much arrogance and so much
pride in people,
and God resists the proud. He gives
grace to the humble
and in due time, he said he would exalt
you.
So, in humility... and I thought, is humility
always just saying,
'It's not me, brother. I just want
everybody to know it's all Jesus inside
of me,'but inside you're just weak with
arrogance? Because I see some people,
they take pictures with their Gucci
pants and they've got their stuff on there
and they say, 'We just want to make the
religious people
squirm.'Arrogant,
stinking... and you look at them
with their big jet behind them. 'We just
want to make the religious people
squirm.'Arrogant?
Are you kidding me?
You're just full of pride,
just oozing with pride, sir.
And I already know what the Lord says
about it. But I don't
bust on people who have planes, but I do
bust on arrogance.
Regardless of whether you think you're not,
it's arrogance. There are a lot
of people who say, 'I'm not trying to
brag,'but
they're full of bragging.
Full of bragging! That's all you're
doing is just bragging about what
you got. '$35 million.'You say you're
not
bragging?
'I'm not bragging, I'm just bragging on
Jesus.'Okay,
whatever.
That's all you talk about: big houses,
big cars.
Because out of the abundance of the
heart, the mouth speaks. 'As a man
thinketh
in his heart, so is
he.'What
is more important? What are you
always talking about? Souls.
I'm going to
be real with you. You know what my flex
is going to be?
When you
say, 'I got a hundred
million
people
saved.'A
hundred
million people got born again. Now,
that's a flex.
All glory to Jesus, though.
I
don't care. You could take your money
and put it... I'm telling you, when I get on
the other side and I'm
standing before Jesus, I want him to say,
'Brandon, you did good, boy.
You got a hundred million people saved,
son.'It
won't be, 'Brandon, you know
what? You got a billion dollars in the
bank. Well done.'He's
not
going to say that.
'You believe me for that billion dollars
and I saw that you had it in your bank
account and I'm really impressed with
that.'What
does he care about the most?
Souls. He died for every single one of
you.
When he looks at his hands
and he shows them to me, and humongous
holes were in them... humongous holes. He
said, 'I suffered for you.
I suffered for all
of them.
Would you help me
bring in the
harvest?'Brandon,
that's my heart.
My heart is the harvest, not how many
zeros you have in your bank account.
And there are so many pompous, arrogant
preachers that I cannot stand to even
watch because of how arrogant you
are about your finances and all that you
have and all that you bank up in your
accounts. I hear about it
and it's a stench before the
body of Christ as you try to make
excuses for everything you have.
Billion-dollar
homes, whatever... a million
dollars.
I don't care that you have it,
but let's get the people saved.
Jesus looks and he shows me his hands
and he says, 'Look at my hands, Brandon.
I died for every single one of them.
Will you help
me?'I
know God's people will be blessed if
you do right.
When you give, it shall be given unto
you: good measure, pressed down, shaken
together, and running over. Will men
give into your bosom. It's part of the
spiritual law, but it's not where my
focus is at.
You've lost your focus.
You've lost your first love.
You fall in love with the world,
you're an enemy of God. If you have
fallen in love with the world, how can
you say the things you say? "Well, you
know, I'm trying to make people jealous,
envious, stir up the
religious
spirits,"people
say.
I said, "Okay,
but man, don't you want to
stir up the body of the
world? How do we bring people to Jesus?
How do we have the nets?"I saw the big
shrimping
boats. I saw them full. And
he said, "Brandon, I'm going to give
you a
big shrimping boat when it comes to
souls now instead of this little boat
you've had with the pole. You bring
them in, but then you'll increase and
there'll be shrimping boats all over the
place."And
I saw it. He said, "Just be
faithful with what I've given
you."But
I've tried to tell you all
as you look at the hands of Jesus, he
died for every single one of you.
And
the Lord told me, "A lot of
these ministers,
their hearts are good, Brandon, but
they've lost their
reverence."Being
reverent,
they've lost it.
Learn from their mistakes.
I know we're all
works
in progress, but I
so desperately want when I get over
there for him to say, "You did good.
You got a hundred million souls saved or
whatever."And
you said, "Now that's worth
applauding."I
hope that ministers to you
tonight.
I am so tired of the way people act
and the more I'm around it, it's a
stench to my nose. And you say, "Well,
who cares what you think,
Brandon?"Well,
I so happen to hear the
heart of the Father. I can hear it.
As you walk prophetically,
you hear what's on his heart and his
heartbeat, and all that is around us.
There's a lot of stench to his nose. And
they have swayed and deviated
off course so much they still feel
they're on that vine and they were
severed years ago. They're preaching the
same stinking message they've been
having for the last 30 years plus, but
they've severed themselves and they think
they're okay, but there's no intimacy
with them.
It happens over and over. But First
Corinthians 5:5 will be for a lot of
ministers this year, a lot of the body of
Christ, because he said, "Brandon, judgment
begins in the house of the Lord
first"as
170,000
people die a day.
How many of them know my friend?
How many of them know? But not
so much that they know him, does he know
them?
How many of them
in the intimacy of the day?
Billions of people
don't know Jesus Christ.
And that's what's sad.
You're not taking any of it with you.
It's interesting. Did I say anything out
of line?
I'm pretty open, but I always
say please watch what I say. If you
don't agree with
it—last
night, the night before, I
criticized Erica. And I want to tell
you, I'm not criticizing the
young lady. I'll tell you what I saw in a
vision. And people got so upset about
that. I got email after email. I said, "I'm
not criticizing nobody. I'm trying to
tell you what I
saw."I
saw this. "What did you see? You saw,
Brandon, you said that there would be
glory
events."Yes.
And I stand by it 110% of what the
Lord showed me, that there'll be
glory events, but it goes with
what I just told you. God can use
anybody, ladies and gentlemen, with the
platform or whatever, but it doesn't mean
they're intimate with him.
They might have been at one time.
And you say, "Well, don't
judge."I
ain't judging. I'm
telling you what I saw in my
vision of what the Lord gave me. It's
not judging.
If you don't want to hear it, don't
listen. You can click off just like you
clicked in. But I have to tell you what
I saw and what I'm required to tell you
what the Lord says.
And so far now we'll go
to what we've seen in the
news. Do you have anything, Braden?
Last night we
talked
about
Australia. Everybody's talking
about—no,
it was the
New Year's Eve. Many more people about
the New Year's Eve. We see the New
Year's Eve and what the Lord showed us
about "Do not stereotype."Can you play
that?
Braden's
going
to
play
the clip of
what I said on New Year's Eve about
New Year's Eve and what's coming.
I want you to see this video real
quick.
You have it?
You can play it and it goes with what
happened in
California.
Play it quick.
"Not
all terrorists are Arabs."That's what I
just heard the Lord say. "You're looking
only for Arabs,
but it's an infiltration from somebody
who is not. This is not an Arab, but
it's somebody who is of Muslim faith.
Just because they don't have dark skin,
don't look for what's about to happen
for stereotypes."Do you understand? Stereotypes
is the biggest deception.
You are looking only to
dark skin. It's stupid. You
must come up higher.
The plan is darker. He's talking to the
United States government. "Don't
stereotype in this. Look to the others.
There is a plan with people
you do not expect. Look deeper in
your own rats in your
government."It's
right in front of your face, but
it's deep. They've infiltrated at all
levels in your malls. A major plan
bigger than you understand.
They're trying to cover
their tracks. It's on
a mainframe of the computer that they're
trying to do what Hillary did. Every
step they take, they've been strategic.
They're shredding the
evidence.
And it's like a whitewashing of the
computers everywhere they go. But
they're
infiltrated in the least likely areas
you expect. Everybody's always looking
for the people with the hat on
and that would have a big beard and
walk in and have jihad. You know what
I'm saying? But the Lord said, "Look
deeper. It's right in front of your
face. Even in the NSA,
not all terrorists are
Arab."So,
we have some terrorists that don't
look normal. Do you see them?
Four people were caught in California
that are supposedly
plotting; they built the bombs out in the
desert. Now they were trying to attack
New Year's Eve in
the
Los Angeles area. Not only that,
from
what I'm understanding there's more
people that are being uncovered.
A major plot against the United States
of America is being uncovered. And I
believe this is a
result of prayer. Now, as you see this,
they don't look like terrorists to me.
They look like some white girls that
just have a bad attitude. Look
at that.
Like the one girl, she looked like
somebody that's trying to be a
Kardashian or something. I just thought
it was interesting.
No kidding, huh?
Not stereotype, is it? Just
like the Lord said. Don't have a
stereotype.
Pro-Palestinian.
Is the one girl Asian?
She looks Asian to me on this one.
The only man looks kind of
like he'd be one of them. But isn't
that interesting?
It's just like the Lord said. Now the number
two thing that we've been talking about
was Sydney and what happened. I saw
Sydney, that harbor. And when
the Lord told me it will be on this
side, for a major event is coming
towards Australia
and he showed us these things coming.
I still believe there's more. Now, these
were people that were coming against the
Jewish community because they were
celebrating Hanukkah, and they shot I
don't know how many people. Now, what
did I tell you was coming next? To
Australia,
Canada, and Toronto.
The Lord spoke to us
that a major event was going to take
place in Toronto and in these areas going
across Canada, Australia,
England, and France. As this
happens, the Lord said they would bring
in more social credit scores, digital
ID,
and
suppression. Then people sent me, "Hey,
Brandon, did you know that they're
working on article
C9
in Canada right now to make it
where religious organizations cannot
speak out against other things
because it will
be a hate
crime?"article
C9. Thank you, son.
So we have the persecution
coming just like the Lord told us in
Canada. Now, I personally believe this
would be passed because of what I saw coming
next. For I saw an uprising in the
church,
and there was...
now, I don't want to call them
riots because I'm not inciting riots. I
saw protests—protests is a better
word—very
strong local protests. That's
what I will call it for YouTube
censorship. It was very strong
protesting going on
against your government when they
come against it. And I saw an olive
press—the
olives in Canada—against freedom of
speech. Does everybody remember that
word that the Lord gave us? He said,
"Great persecution is coming to Canada
against freedom of speech, and you will not
be able to say what you want to say,
even on social media, at a greater
level in the days ahead."And I have
that video, but I don't think Braden has
that ready. But we've
heard it over
and over again about the olive press
coming to England, Australia, Canada,
France, Europe, Germany, Italy,
and
these other areas. And he said great persecution
is
coming to the church
through
an escalation through 2026, 2027,
and 2028.
So I have been praying into what the
Lord meant when he said, "You must be a
learned church."In
this last video,
he said specifically—because Diamond
took the
notes—he
said, "You must learn a
different way, church, to think outside of
the box concerning how to catch the
people,
for the old way
is not going to work
anymore."I
thought, "What does that
mean?"But
he was referring to the days
ahead
concerning how to reach the harvest. How do
you keep
being relevant? How do you keep
bringing
in the
harvest? But it's deeper than that; it's
concerning the plague.
Because when I was on the phone with
one of these
mega-ministry
people, he said to me, "Give them this
word concerning 2028."And I saw into
2028 about this individual. And
the Lord was showing me 2026, 2027, and 2028
about the individual's ministry, and it
was detailed. But I saw about being able
to reach air travel;
restrictions on air travel are coming.
And I saw more about this as I was
looking in the spirit and I was praying
yesterday.
And so, you know,
I know when the Lord said, "Brace
yourself,
church. Brace yourself.
Be prepared. Brace yourself. You must
come by my side. Brace yourself for
what's coming.
There's a great
shaking."And
I saw on the New Madrid fault line
an
8.4 earthquake. People said,
"Well, is that because we split
Jerusalem?"I
don't know,
because
the one I saw on that one was over a
10, but I saw a shaking to awaken. And
the Lord said
people are coming back to move into
the heartland.
People are going to start to transition
and move to the heartland in abundance
in the days ahead.
And I thought that was interesting
because the heartland is Oklahoma,
Kansas, Texas, Arkansas,
and
Missouri, right?
Heartland—basically
the Bible Belt. So I saw the
Bible Belt.
Is that
New America Heartland?
I don't know. I know that the
Lord was talking about Oklahoma for
sure. He said they were moving to the
heart, and I saw a major earthquake
taking place, and it was a sign. He said
it will be a sign. And I heard the Lord
say, "This will be a sign of the end
times, for a great shaking is going to
take place on the New
Madrid."And
then I saw Thailand and Nepal, and I
saw India.
It was so big that it shook
the temples and rattled them completely
down again. And the Lord was showing me
a major earthquake was going
to take place in this area. And I
saw weather manipulation
with great floods coming.
He said weather modification, weather
warfare. And he warned about this again.
And he said they would test it a lot in
2026 and 2027 for weather warfare
in Thailand,
China, Vietnam, and these areas. And I saw
major rains that would be by
design. He said in trying to control
it,
they will lose control.
The way he said it was about it costing you
your life. He said
that
in controlling the weather,
it will cost you your life.
It was a very
strong, stern warning. But as we saw that,
then I saw Italy again being split. I saw
Japan. I've seen all these major
earthquake events
coming. So,
was that it, son?
Did I go over everything pretty good? Digital ID—you
saw that
digital ID is
rising
up. We talked
about that with Australia. I said
they're really coming after you in
Australia. I saw this. Well, now they're
talking about it. Did you see the
article on their government?
Yeah. It means the
cash is trash. It will be about the
digital money because they'll have the
virus on the money. You don't want the
virus, and so you won't be able to touch
your money, your cash. Now, a lot of
people said, "Hey, Brandon, that's not
going to happen until after the
rapture of the church."I don't believe
that. I think we're going to see it
start being implemented with the
digital ID and these things happening
while we are still here. Now, how
far will it be implemented? I don't
think it will be the mark of the beast
where you won't be able to buy, sell, or
trade—I
don't think we're
going to see that part—but will we see
the digital process happening? I
believe so. The
implementation of the full manifestation
of this, I believe, will happen with the
Antichrist. I believe it was
actually after I went into
the
Tribulation with the Father
on July 6th of 2014.
I saw how many years it
takes for all this stuff to roll out.
It's the first couple of years,
the peace part before the Great
Tribulation in the
last three and a half years. He
implements his scheme first and
everybody is liking him.
Everything's great. The digital is being
implemented, the chips in the
hand—it
all happens and rolls out
gradually.
It was a major deal.
2026 will be the year of events. That's
what he said.
So, is that it? You said Japan
split?
Yeah, I saw Japan being split again. I
saw South Korea,
the
Olympics...
I saw that massive dragon again,
and it was turned toward the West.
And it was looking towards the West, and
I saw a great shaking coming toward the
West. And we must continue to pray for
our president,
President Donald Trump. We must pray for
him.
And then he saw a war storm in the Middle
East. They're regrouping and brewing in
the Middle East. He said they're
regrouping a war
storm.
Concerning Egypt,
I saw towards Egypt and Africa because
it was at the tip over here and they
were regrouping, and a major event is
about to take place with Israel.
That's what I was trying to say. When
you look at Turkey, I saw
Turkey and Syria becoming buddies and
major things taking place between Syria and
Turkey, and then all of a sudden I saw a
major uprising coming out of Egypt.
There was something happening in Egypt
on this side of
Israel—not
just this side, it was
this side—something major was about to
happen on this side.
It's always up there in that other
corner,
you know, and I don't even know where
Gaza is, where all this stuff is
going on
right here.
So, it's on that side, too.
It's on this side.
I saw it, but
it was more towards the
northeast.
Something major was about to happen,
and the Lord was warning about
that. So I try to remember
everything. It's been two days now and I
write it all down because to
store all this inside of me, I don't
like to keep it there.
Hold fast. He kept saying,
'Hold fast.
Don't lose your focus. Keep your eyes on
me. Because of all that you're about
to see, you must keep your eyes on
me.'For
all that you will see in 2026, 2027,
2028,
he said, 'For all that you're
about to see, you must keep your eyes on
me.'Stay
vertical. Be by my side.
He kept calling the bride
to
his side. He's talking about a major
working inside of every one of us,
calling us to his side in a greater
capacity that we keep our eyes on the
prize—basically
the souls of
man—that
Jesus Christ is Lord of lords and
King of kings. He's come to set
the captives free. That's what
I was trying to tell you all tonight.
You must know, my friend.
It's important that you become born
again. Get into a Bible-believing church
and deal with whatever
you've
got to deal with.
Don't let anything hold you back.
Sin separates us, folks.
Don't let anything separate you.
When you sin and you're messing up,
repent. Be quick to repent. Come
under
communion. Take it daily.
Father, just mold me and make me.
You must keep yourself right before the
Father by repenting and taking
communion and seeking him daily.
I know it's just about
having a relationship, and none of us are
perfect. We've all sinned and come short
of the glory of God. But we don't
practice it; we don't live there.
It'll be like a microwave. He said
it so fast; it'll come on you so fast.
This is going to happen; it will
be like a microwave.
That's what he said. It's going to
happen quick. It won't be a slow cooker
anymore. He said the birthing pains have
accelerated. The birthing pains from
September 23rd of this year
have accelerated. He said it's going to
double, triple, and it's going to
increase. As labor
pains upon a woman, so will it be when
the Son of Man returns. Remember this.
It's going to increase
to the point we're
at the point of no return. You've
already told us that, right? So now
we're at that waterfall's edge. We're
seeing all these things going on.
Everybody's going, 'What are we going to do?'Well,
you
push into him. He
has all the answers. And he even said,
'You don't need a Moses. You need me.
You don't need prophetic voices. Out
with the old, in with the
new.'That's
what the world's going to say,
and it's going to be in the headlines of
the
New York Times and
Washington Post. I saw, 'Out with the old,
in with the new.'And they're talking
about new currency, all this new
digital stuff. Out with the old, in with
the new. It's coming. As we saw crypto
take a huge dump this week, I
think it's major shakeouts, major
fakeouts. It's all happening just like
the Lord said would happen.
Tanking. But it's all getting ready for
a
new digital era,
new everything. It all comes out of
the mark of the beast. Now, how far
are we from that? I don't know, folks.
All I know is the Lord wants us to
continually be seeking him and
looking toward him on a daily basis,
especially when we're
around our unsaved loved ones this
Christmas season. Be a light. It's not
always easy, I know, but you can be a
light in the darkness. Did I highlight
everything
well?
I'm trying to move on.
Do they have any questions? I don't ever
want to have
any confusion in the camp. I try very
hard to be very transparent with y'all.
I'll take
two or three questions. If I can answer
them, if not, I'm going to move on and
take communion. We're going to pray and
we can call it a day. I
started early tonight.
I was thinking, how in the world have
I been talking for 31 minutes?
No,
over.
Yeah, because I went through the article.
I saw Braden
said, 'Joe, is it Joe Rogan?'No. What's
that name?
Sean Ryan had the
FBI director,
Kash
Patel,
talking about the
electric grid and talking
about major power outages. We've already
seen that. And it's amazing to see
somebody talk about that and warn the
American people. He said our power
grid is from the 1950s and
60s; we haven't upgraded it at all. And
he said, 'We are so vulnerable for a
major cyber attack.'And he said, 'All
you have to do is flip the switch and
take this thing down.'And he said, 'It
will take forever to get it back
up.'He
talked about it
and I was like, 'That's what I
saw.'And
I saw three
weeks—over
three weeks—the power was out for
some major cities.
And I thought that was interesting.
And he said, 'Japan's economy is in
trouble. Greater trouble than you
understand.'I'm
not having the live, bud.
My eyes are getting better. The
bright lights are a bit much tonight.
I'll borrow your cell
phone.
Share your testimony, Brandon.
Do you know when the plague
will hit? I believe the plague will hit
in
fall, November and December of
2027.
I don't know what you want me to share
about my testimony.
It's a still, small voice. Whenever
I'm listening to the voice of
the Father, he speaks to me
in a still, small voice, but it's not
small to me anymore.
I know when he talks, and we talk all
the time throughout the day. When
you practice his presence, he becomes
real to you.
And the more you get real with God, God
will become more real to you. I practice
it. And what was really hard to discern
was the Father when I first
started out; now, I know I can pray in
the spirit and there is a download and then
that cloak comes on. Now, I'm not saying
that's the way with everybody, but it
is with me now. And it's
gotten
more developed. Even tonight when my
little girl was sitting there talking to
me and she goes, 'Daddy, what do you
think
about this?'and I saw a
vision and she was doing something and
the Lord says, 'Stop that.'She goes,
'I'm so thankful for the Holy Ghost in
you,
Daddy.'Because
I practice his presence. He's always
welcome. And I'm listening to
him all the time. I make a way for him
in the house. Worship is playing all the
time. I have worship playing. I have
Hillsong
or whoever. I mean, whoever
Paisley wants to listen to; she loves
worship. So she puts it on in the
morning and plays it throughout
the day. And you walk through the house. Our
house always has worship on. Always. And
I
don't know, I just make it
an
atmosphere for him.
Cruise ships. I haven't seen any more
about cruise ships. I'm praying for
cruise ships. I have a guy I know on a
cruise ship right now.
I hear God by praying and talking to
him just like you. I get the word out
and he'll talk about it. But it's
usually—I'm
going to tell you—if I'm
thinking about something,
say I want to know about
something
private, personal, and I'm stirred
up about it, the more I take my care out
of my prayer and I go do
something out in the yard, or maybe
clean my car, maybe I'll go outside and
clean my tires or something. And
when I take my mind off of it and I'm
in worship and I'm singing to him
and it's not something I'm fixated on,
oh, I got to know the answer.
I
got to know the answer. It's the moment
when he usually talks about it and it's
whenever you least expect it. A lot of
times I go, "Oh, thanks."You know,
and he'll talk, and a lot
of times when I'm focused on
something else, he'll talk to me about
something I asked a long time ago and I
wasn't even wanting the answer to that. And
I say, "You answered me something
that I'm not even asking the answer to.
I asked about it how long ago, but I'm so
grateful that you answered it
finally."But
I focused on this over
here. But it's the thing that he's
saying:
get your eyes on me.
Stop looking horizontally and
get your eyes vertical, like we are
talking about. And the moment you take
the care out of your
prayer—a
lot of times it's about Megan, you
know—I
was, "Oh, Lord, I'm asking about
this or that,"and he'll tell me the
answer to something. Medical things a
lot of times that way, isn't it? He'll
talk about things. He'll tell me things
about how to cure certain things and
he'll say this is how you fix that,
and I have journals of it.
Certain things he'll tell me how to
fix things in the body and he'll say
this is how you do it, and this is what
you do, and if you implement this and do
that it will get better. And it's
that way a lot and it's really cool
because I'm
telling y'all I'm not learned.
I'm a very uneducated person, but it's all
by leading on the voice of the Lord.
Everything he gives me. And that's why
my favorite book is George
Washington Carver, the man who talked to
the flowers.
That's my favorite book.
So,
pretty much I guess I'm done.
Australia's on fire. I saw that.
I started praying. I told you all I
was 16 years old. My first vision. I was
praying for my mom's friend.
She was dealing with some occult
and her boyfriend was a very rich
businessman and he was a practicing
Satanist
and her name was Marsha.
And I remember I was praying for this
woman and they were big in real estate.
Her boyfriend was very big in real
estate and he was
very demonic. And I was interceding for
this and I was praying and I asked God,
"Teach me how to pray."I was listening to
Lyn Hammond
and I was listening to the how to
pray in the Holy Spirit by Lyn Hammond,
sister Lyn Hammond. She is a living word
up in Minnesota. And I listened to these
tapes over and over. My mom got them at
a convention and I listened to them over
and over again. And I said,
"Father, I want to learn how to pray
like this,
too."I
was praying and my brother and I
shared
bunk beds. And the power of God hit my
head with fire
and my ears and my head felt like I
was on fire and I started seeing the
spirit for the first time. And I saw
a major vision and I didn't know what I
was seeing and it freaked me out. So I
ran out of the room and I told my mom
and my dad, I said, "Listen, this is
what I'm seeing."And I told
them, we lived in Fort Worth, Texas at
the time. My mom
and dad were going to Jerry
Savelle's
Bible School.
And that was my first vision.
I was working at Albertson's.
I sacked groceries.
So I learned how to pray and do all that
then. And then I started working at a
ministry and I started listening to
them, how to pray, and the Lord
said, "I'm going to give you mantels to
pray."And
then the Reinhard
Bonnke
came to a staff meeting. And Reinhard
called people and said, "Do you
want to—I feel in my heart to pray
for people."And whenever he came to
me, he said, the Lord said, he said,
"I'm going to put a double portion of
the anointing on my life on
you."And
he laid hands on me. And the power
of God knocked me on my
hindy.
And I felt electricity go through my
body when Reinhard Bonnke prayed for
me. I can even tell you where I was
standing. I was standing on the
left-hand
side of the stage. I walked up
where it was by the baptismal area and
there were so many people wanting to go
up to the front to get prayed for. And
when he laid his hands on me, the
fire of God went through my body and
whenever that all happens, everything
started changing with me.
That's when things really started taking
off after Reinhard Bonnke prayed for me.
If anybody knows who Reinhard Bonnke is.
And so then another part of it was when
I went to another meeting in Fort
Lauderdale, Florida, there was a man
named Ralph Wilkerson.
He had Melodyland Christian Center and
he was with Kathryn Kuhlman. And he saw
me and he gave me a prophetic word
and he said, "God has put his
hand on you and you have the same kind
of a mantle like Kathryn
Kuhlman
and
another man."And he said, "I
want to lay hands on your hands and he
said, there's an impartation of a double
portion on my life on you."So he put
his hands on my hands and the fire of
God hit my hands like a matchstick. And
I can still feel it every once in a
while. I don't feel it very often, but
whenever it does, I lay hands on people
and they get healed. Now the Lord
has recently been talking to me about it
again and saying that there's
something major fixing to happen with
this, but it's only been in
spurts. But when it comes on, like I
told you about the boy's face, other
people and angels come in and they
minister to the people around me. But
that has not happened a lot. What the
man that got brand new lungs,
things like that, but it's only been
progressive. And when I touched the dogs
and they raised the dogs from the dead,
when the dogs came back
from the dead, that was amazing. But
I've only seen that big creative
miracles like that happen like four or
five. Well, what is it? More than that.
It's been several times 'cause I laid hands
on Diana on something. Power of God
went to her and she was completely
healed immediately. And that was really
cool when it happened for my wife.
But that was after Ralph Wilkerson
prayed for me.
And they're Oral Roberts. So other than
that,
you know, I try—you know, it's like
what do you do with that? You know,
they're just men. I'm thankful for every
one of them. They're not—both of them
are not here anymore. But I was thankful
and grateful for the people who have
prayed for me and were obedient
to what the Lord called them to do.
And so you just put it on a shelf until
the Lord calls it out. I don't focus on
it. I just keep praying and doing what
he's asked me to do. Now, I know that
there'll be more things happening for
my ministry in the days ahead 'cause he
told me this won't always be my ministry.
What does intimacy with God look like?
Oh, that's beautiful.
Now, that's a good question.
What does intimacy with God look like?
Raw.
It's not rehearsed.
It's not religious.
It's just vulnerable.
Vulnerable is intimacy with the
father. When you go to him just
as you are,
he knows everything that you're going to
say before you're going to say it. So
don't pretend that he doesn't know
you're going to say it
or be fake. He already knows
you've had a bad day. He already knows
if you're mad at him.
So just be real.
That's why I say out of intimacy with
God, when you get real with God, God
will become real to you.
That's why he's real with me. I don't
fake it. There are no 'thee's and 'thou's.
It's not all this hype.
I just go to him broken, and I lay before
his feet
and I picture myself there.
I have an inward image of it,
and I go there in my mind
and I see him.
And I know a lot of you say, 'Well, I
can't go there because I've never had
that before, Brandon. I don't have any
vision of Jesus.'But I didn't either.
I had it inside of my mind's eye. I
pictured it even before I knew what he
looked
like—that
I'm going before him bold. I've
had a really crappy day
and I'm going to him and I'm going to
touch his garment and I'm not letting go
until he blesses me.
When you get that desperation
like you need air, like you need food, and
there is
so much
desperation, that's when the intimacy
comes out of it.
And a lot of my intimacy came
because I
was poor.
We
didn't have money to pay our bills.
And I knew that they were going to cut my
electricity
off. And I was desperate to get
my electric paid. When you're making
hardly nothing and you're a janitor
and you have a wife and kids
and they're living on food
stamps already, and you're looking at
going and doing things and you don't
have enough gas money to get to work, and
you're thinking, 'How is this going to
come to pass? I've got to find Jesus
right
now.'And
my relationship was born out of a
lot of pressure,
a lot of pain, and a lot of hurt. Megan was
diagnosed with autism
and I felt like I was having a
breakdown. And in that,
he became real to me.
It was in the toilet cleaning.
It was in the window washing that
Jesus became real to me because I just
said, 'I'm doing everything I'm doing
for you. And if you never use me at all
and I just clean this glass, every time
somebody comes in here, I want them to
be able to look at these floors and want
to be able to eat off of them. If they
can look at this and they come
in here and it's not a distraction to
them, they come in here unsaved and it's
not a distraction. They come in this
bathroom and they go, "This is the
stinkiest church bathroom I've ever seen
in my life. The glass is out of control,
the floors are all nasty, and I don't
want to ever come back in here because
these people are pigs."I thought, I don't
want to be the cause of that. So, I made
sure it was always the best it was.
If Jesus was coming to church today,
I want to make it look good for him.
And that's the only way I can make
it. I thought, if Jesus is coming... so I know
when that Sister clipboard's is coming here
and she's going to fuss about things,
I'm going to make it look good for her that
maybe she's had a hard week and we're
going to make it look as nice as we can
for them. And that's where the intimacy
came
out of.
I drove a long way to work.
Erica wants to go too, and she's like,
'Shut up.
Go turn whoever Eric is.'I look at the
comments.
So there you go. If that's
what I can answer some questions for
y'all.
Sweet. She got prayed for by
it. Do something with it. I like that she has a
cowboy hat.
Yeehaw! Mary, I love cowboy
hats.
You can go ride a horse. Let's
see here.
I'm
concerned about New Madrid because I saw
a lot of people die.
A lot of the southern houses
over here are built on cinder blocks.
So they're not real stable on foundation
homes. A lot of the houses around here
are all built on these concrete blocks.
So I don't know how good they would do
with an 8.4 earthquake. Probably not
real good.
I like horses. I'm just
scared because they're so big.
My dad raised
Longhorn
cows and they'll butcher them
and sell their meat,
Longhorn meat,
stuff like that.
It's a pretty good deal on
some organic beef. And that's true
organic beef.
I don't know if he's still doing that. I
should say that before people go,
"Where do I find that
meat?"I
don't want the emails.
I know he does it.
The Lord said you will not pray away the
plague.
The Lord said you will lessen the
And he said it will not affect you,
believer, if you
understand Psalm 91 and Psalm 23.
He said, 'I will hide you in the
cleft
of my rock, but you will have to
know the word, for hard days are
coming.'That's
what he said. Shaking to awaken
is coming. You lessen it. I don't know
what that means because I saw hundreds
of millions of people dying.
So that's why I come on here so
intensely telling y'all you must
understand who you are. You must
understand your covenant. You must
understand the believer's authority,
Sister Billie Brim. And not just read it
once, but I'm talking about having
a rhema
word inside of you
about who God is to you, of
the authority of the believer. Reading
Ephesians, Brother Hagin's book on
the authority of the believer, and
get that word down inside of your heart
because I've already told you all,
very sobering days are coming.
I know a lot of people think that
we're not going to be here for a lot of
this stuff
and that we're not going to see
the tribulation or any of the
birthing pains or whatever. But even
my dad was telling me even Rick Renner
said—which
I've not heard Rick say this,
and by the way, that man is very
brilliant about the word of
God—Rick
Renner
said we are not going to go
through tribulation, but a lot of people
will think we're already in it, if I'm
not butchering that. But
what
I'm trying to tell you all is that we're
seeing the beginning of sorrows,
and this is what I'm going to tell
y'all: most people—when the Lord told me,
I said, 'Brandon, no one has a clue of how
bad tribulation will really be other than by
what the word
says.'But
they're seeing
a glimpse into tribulation when you're
reading it. But it's Monday through
Friday,
24/7, seven days a week,
24 hours a day for
seven years.
Three and a half years isn't as bad as
the last three and a half, but all of it
is
tribulation, folks. And what we're
experiencing right now is pretty rough.
Don't you agree? Some of the days we
see, and this isn't the tribulation.
So when we get to the tribulation, it's
literal hell on earth. I saw it. I was
there. Jesus took me from year to year
and I saw a big portion of
it. And I'm telling you, it was
hell on earth. And it is scary.
And people have no concept of how bad
tribulation truly will be.
I don't know about three days of
darkness. Now, there's a lot of people
that talk about the three days of
darkness, but
I've never seen it. Now, I've seen
the power grids going down and all that.
So
this plague will be laced
with AI
to go against prescription meds is
what I saw. And I'm telling you, it was
created in a lab and they will release
it with rats.
I've seen it how many times now?
Too many times. We can't even count
them all now. I've seen the plague so
many times, and I've seen the boils on
people now. I've seen the blisters.
I've seen what it does. I've seen
that
once you get it, you go home.
Unless you understand who you are, I saw
when they got it, they died. They were
not here no more. It was COVID on steroids
and it was bad. What I saw coming in the
natural, it is something of
biblical proportions.
It looks like
something out of the Bible. And I'm
telling you, I saw believers and
non-believers getting this and they were
gone. It was just a couple of hours
later; they were gone. It was
bad. But it was
intermingled with AI technology and they
took part of the
coronavirus.
They studied out of AI
how to bring forth the
bubonic
plague,
the
Black Death.
I don't know how they did
it, but they found it. They brought it
in with AI and they mingled it with
COVID.
It was awful.
Every single time I see it, it's in
the fall. I saw January,
February, March, April, and May
highlighted. And he said, "These right
here is when you will need food
because the factories will shut
down."I
saw a timeframe now—the year.
I'm still praying over it, but I know
that it was in the winter
and going into the fall. I saw the
span and I saw the clock ticking in
front of my face. And the Lord said,
"January, February, March, April, and
May,"and
I saw June. I saw March was
highlighted for the
biggest part going to April and May, and
then
the kill zone rate started going down. But
that's when I saw President Trump
interceding,
and he was the president.
So can it change? I don't know; I only
see in part and hear in part. But that's why
I believe we have 6,100 people here to
pray against this right now.
We can pray against it and believe God,
but I'm just telling you what I keep
seeing over
and over again. I saw about the water
because
I even told people in
authority over this. People said,
"Brandon,
did you tell people?"Yes, I
have told people in authority about
the terrorists
trying to poison our waters.
I saw a mass grave that was massive,
with
body bags laying all in
it. The terrorists poisoned the water
plants
and there were so many
bodies—over
23 million people
passed away—and I saw them buried in
one big grave.
I've tried to tell everybody these
people are sick. That's why I
believe God has joined us together to
pray, because the Bible says, "If my
people who are called by my name will
humble themselves and pray and turn from
their wicked ways, then we will hear
from heaven and he will heal our
land."The
only thing that's ever
going to change this nation is Jesus
Christ. There is no Buddha. There is no
Muhammad. Even President
Trump can only do what he can do. But
the only thing that's going to save
America is an awakening unto God and for
the church to get off their "blessed
assurance"and
start preaching with a
backbone like a crowbar and telling
people that Jesus Christ is coming, and
he's coming sooner than you think.
It's time for the church to wake up;
we're running out of time. I tell you
this, there's so much corruption in
the body of Christ. God said, "I'm
going to shake it out in 2026
for many ministers that you see will
lose either their life or their
platform in the days ahead if
there's corruption."He said, "The
gold, the girls, and the glory—I'll not
share it. If you're messing around
with
finances or you're not doing right with
the money in the
church,"all
these major things he said he's
going to shake. He said, "Brandon, I'm
bringing in new Davids and new Esthers,
people who will be pure before me,
for to whom much is given, much is
required."I
say this over and over
because he tells me and warns
me. I saw the storm
again today on the east and
he said, "Brandon, D-Day is
here.
D-Day is here as you see them bust poor
people with what I told you is
coming."I
pray with all my heart that New Year's
Eve isn't crazy.
I pray that this
all falls apart—that all the plans of
the wicked are brought to justice by our
FBI, our NSA, or Homeland Security.
I'm believing God that he is
going to expose the darkness for this
nation, giving us a reprieve for one
more push for a harvest of souls.
Every time we have a
tragic event like Charlie Kirk... and then
how many weeks later, is
the church still awake? Why does it take
a tragic event to stir the people up to
pray
or
somebody losing their life for people to
wake up out of their slumber?
It's sad.
Like 9/11, people wake up for
a little bit and then go back into their complacency. They get complacent again. Thank you, son. They go back into
their complacency.
There's going to be a major
UFO event, but they are demonic spirits.
There is
no such thing as UFO aliens.
What
you're about to see is going to be
demonic.
It's not real
ETs.
It's devils.
There are no spaceships from outer space
coming down saying, "Hello, I'm
ET."It's
demonic by design, on purpose.
Go back to the
ancient writings on the
temples—the
lizard people.
Seven different lineages of lizards
through reptilian people. The Lord
warned us about these reptilians and he
called them ant people.
When I
went in the spirit, I saw seven
different lineages on the seven
different continents
and
I'm trying to
bring back all I saw on the buildings in
Egypt and with the Mayans.
It's
Nephilim.
That's why I've said before that
there's demonic stuff that we know not
of, that people are hybrids.
Yes, I saw the royals. I saw
king
demonic lizard people and they keep it
in the bloodline. It was in the
Saudis,
in South America, and in
Asia. I saw these lizard
people
and the Lord said that stuff's still
around. "Brandon, do you
understand?"He
said they preserve it.
He talked about ant
people,
people underground,
people in the
water—strange
stuff, folks. Then I got in
contact with Paul Begley, and
Mike From Around the World talks
about this stuff.
I try not to touch stuff like
this.
Remember
the video about
the lizard people?
They're trying to warn us
of
something from the days of
Noah—that
history repeats itself.
What the Lord said
was on the walls. I
put
the
clip
on X.
It's part of the end times.
Demonic stuff goes on
with the elite societies
that people don't even know about.
They're not elite; they're demonically
energized and
filled by the devil. The more
this goes on, they'll come out of
the woodwork
soon.
Let's pray.
This pulls a lot
on you all.
Is that pretty good? I hope you
enjoyed
that. I never do that; I
usually do it at the beginning. I thought
we talked about it, but I want you
to get ready for what's coming.
You need to really have your eyes open and
have discernment. Not everything that
says it's good is good.
Not every person that says they're good
is good. You need to have discernment on
who you're listening to.
The Bible says that there will be many
false prophets. There will be many people
with itching ears. Men will be lovers of
themselves.
Remember this. We're seeing all this
happen right in front of our faces, and
all we need to do right now is make sure
we're going vertical.
Keep looking to Jesus, folks. He has all
the answers. I don't have all the
answers. No other prophetic voice that
says they do has them all. The only one that
you can know and trust is this
beautiful book called the Bible. The
Bible.
This one's waterproof; Diana got
this for me. You can take this
outside and read it in the rain and it
won't mess up. I think it's
neat. She said, 'I got you
a treat.'You
can
actually submerge this in water and it
won't mess up. I got
it for one of my family
members in case they get left in the end
times. I got this so they could have it
for their cave because they're going to
burn the Bibles really fast. I was
trying to think of things that they
could take if they have
to
bury it, and it won't mess up.
This Bible that we have will
tear up really easily, but this Bible is
really hard. You can't even tear
the pages
or
wrinkle it.
It's
very hard to tear it up.
I bet it would be hard for them to burn, too.
Well, it probably could burn easily,
but it's waterproof.
She got it on Amazon,
so I thought, 'Hey, why not?'You can
dump water on it. I'll
show you.
See?
It wipes right off and it's still dry.
Pretty neat, huh? I thought I
got it on my
carpet.
I try to think outside the box
because I've seen so much, and I always
try to think about people that get left.
I go, 'Oh, man, they're going to
have a hard time. We have to make it
easier for them. Let's get them a
waterproof
Bible.'Maybe
have some yeast for the bread
and the tower gardens. But I feel
the anointing of the Holy Spirit right
now. Isn't that interesting? Father, we
just thank You.
Father, I thank You, Lord, for
Your body that was broken for us. If
there's anything You want us to see
now—what
time is it? It's getting
late. Father, I thank You for the body.
I thank You, Father, that You've healed
me and made me whole. I thank
You for my family and for
protection. I thank You, Father,
that You watch over us.
I thank You, Lord, that no matter how much
persecution—You
said we would be persecuted for the
Word's sake—nobody has all
the answers. Nobody knows everything,
but Father, the parts that we do
know, we do our best at sharing.
Even that
could be off, but at least we're trying.
As long as we're seeking You, Father,
I've
learned to maintain humility. Do not
get off in left field.
Father, we thank You, Lord, for true
humility, not for false humility trying
to convince people that you're
humble. True humility is
displayed
by the Holy Ghost.
You know it versus ones that don't. I
thank You,
Father, for
everybody represented here tonight.
I thank You
that You took care of all of us on
that cross, and what You
did was beautiful.
We give You all the glory, honor, and
praise, Father, for healing our bodies
tonight in Jesus'name. Amen.
Lord, we thank You for the blood. We
make much of the blood, and the blood
makes much of us.
I apply the blood
over us. We thank You, Father, for
the blood, for
Your goodness, and for Your mercy. We
plead the blood over us and cover
ourselves
in the blood.
When you make much of the blood,
the blood makes much of you. We thank
You, Lord—uninterrupted and unhindered
by any satanic or demonic force. Father,
I ask You to speak through my vocal
cords and think through my mind. None of
me and all of You. I plead the blood
over my eyes that if there's anything
You want to show us tonight to warn us
of that which is to come, Father, I'm
here for You. If not, it's okay.
Either way, Lord, we put ourselves in Your
hand. We thank You, Lord, that
You've called us and chosen to
use us for such a time as this. We
bless everybody that's here tonight in
the mighty name of Jesus. Amen and
amen.
Take the blood.
You know, it's my favorite topic.
Braden and I talk a lot
about this and the things the Lord
shows me about the Nephilim and the
thousand-year
reign. He
shows me a lot, and that's Braden's
favorite topic. He loves to go over the
sci-fi things, the
way-out-there
stuff, because it's stuff I can't
explain. The things I see about what
happens after the thousand years is
over,
the Lord will allow me to see.
I've only
had one really cool experience of
that, but I know when the
thousand years is over, He has so
much for us to do.
We're just barely getting
started at a thousand years,
and most people think it's all over.
Well, what happens after that? The Bible
doesn't say. That's why Brandon
doesn't
talk about it,
because I can't back it with scripture,
and
people will throw you under a bus.
So I try to stay away from
the
things I see.
We'll see what the Lord does here.
I know what I've
seen, though, so I stand by it.
All glory to Jesus. Do you all want to go
tubing for a little bit? Or we can
call it a night. I've already been on
here an hour and 35 minutes. Did they
enjoy that? I don't know what
to do with this other than we can
just pray.
I've
got your phone; I can look.
It's
our turn
to
go tubing. Yes. Okay, well, that's
fine. At least they like to pray.
I have slow mode on too.
Nowhere in the Bible does it say that your
partner will automatically be saved.
All must profess.
If
your unsaved loved one does not confess
Jesus Christ as their Lord and personal
Savior, they're in trouble.
They can't go by
your revelation in your
relationship. You must know Jesus Christ
as your Lord and personal Savior by
yourself.
You will stand before the Father;
no one else will stand for you. You
must know Jesus Christ personally.
Every single person, even my son, even
my daughter, you must know Jesus for
yourself.
It's appointed unto man once to die and
after that the judgment. No man
without Jesus Christ will go before the
Father.
Unless a man is born again, he cannot
enter the kingdom of God.
He is the only way to the Father.
Not
Buddha, not Muhammad, not any
other thing. Jesus is the
only way. No false god in
India—only
Jesus.
The
Bible does not say we are learning.
It's funny because I don't realize how
many people have so many
different theologies and beliefs
until I start looking at
things.
What is your question with fireworks?
She didn't ask a question.
Fireworks. I don't
see a question. Answer:
What is tubing? I'm not familiar with this
channel. Tubing is—I always call it like
going
down the river with
Jesus. It's like a lazy river.
Going tubing is like when
you get in the river of life
and you're praying. It's my
way of having fun; I always call it
"tubing"in
my house. "We're going to go tubing;
let's go
pray."When
you go in the lazy river in
Oklahoma—we
have rivers, so
people go tubing—they get their inner
tube and a soda. Usually,
rednecks get beers and
listen to their waterproof radio.
They go out there
with their waders on,
hanging out, fishing, and going
noodling to catch
catfish. So it's just a
way of saying we're going to go
tubing; it's fun. We're going
to go hang out with Jesus.
Yes, all the children under 20,
until the age of accountability, which
is 15—I
saw all of them were taken in the
Rapture. The parents were
hysterical,
trying to find their kids,
but anybody above the age of
15 who didn't accept Jesus Christ
was
left.
The kids were all
taken—children
who were not yet at the age
of accountability.
There
are
a lot of questions.
I try to catch some every once in a
while; I like some of them, and some
I just ignore.
It goes fast.
Please like and subscribe.
A lot of people thought it was
3i,
and that's when
I saw
into it and kept seeing that thing
come, but the Lord said it's not
3i.
It's what's coming. This is
like birthing pains, like
an
appetizer.
Everybody's focused on it, but it's a
distraction. The Lord said
this will end up turning into nothing,
but it's what's coming
that they're not paying attention to.
They're not talking about the
major event that's about to take place.
That's why he said to go back to
the Oral Roberts video, "The Last
Call."Brazil
was on the water, and
I saw a major revival coming to
Brazil—that's
on the lower side. And then,
what was the other one?
Oh,
Chile.
How do you sow to
the thousand-year reign?
How do you
sow
to
the
thousand-year
reign?
What do you mean, financially,
to get a better position in
the thousand-year
reign? Do everything you do in word and
in deed to the glory of God.
If you are
doing it for show—well, those who sow in
private will reap openly.
Everything you do, do unto God, but
don't do it for man's praise. If you get
praise here, you won't get praise
there.
You must do it when nobody is watching you
and without wanting them to give you applause.
If I got applause here, you
aren't
getting applause there; it's for the
thousand years. I try to do
everything—even the
bathrooms.
Do something that is really detested
by
your flesh. Maybe you
don't like mowing the grass or pulling
weeds; go do it for the church and don't
ask for any kind of reward or tell
anybody about it.
"Look at me! I just want to let you
all know I volunteered at the church and
gave my time to the nursery."I want
everybody to know I was special at
the nursery and
did all this for free for the last 10
years.
Don't tell
anybody;
I did it for Jesus.
I picked up the trash in the parking
lot and did it for Him. I was the golf
cart guy that brought people up from
the front when it was cold. I was out
there waving my stick, parking
cars when it was freezing, but I didn't
ask for praise from anybody. Or I gave
this to the homeless guy on the side
of the road and didn't have my camera
out so I could put it on social media
how great I was:
"Look at this guy, he's really
hurting. Let me get him some McDonald's.
Oh, brother, aren't you having a hard
time?"And
they're filming it and
putting it on YouTube to get
likes, subscribers, and
comments. It's
baloney.
Do it without having people tell you how
great you are. Who cares?
Deflect.
The more you deflect and bring
the glory to Him, doing it out of humility rather than pride, the more
you'll get rewarded in
the
thousand-year
reign.
It's
sad; they don't teach that
at church because people don't know what the
thousand years is.
So
yes, still the weird twilight and
the birds.
Brandon, do you remember the weird
twilight, the birds, and the deer acting
different? The breeding patterns? I
still think about that.
Something is going to happen with the sun.
There's going to
be
some kind of haze over the Earth's
atmosphere. I saw
that
the animals and the migrations in
the days ahead will be altered.
They'll start breeding when they're not
supposed to. For example, the rut for
deer in Oklahoma is usually in November,
but I saw them starting to breed and
having the rut in September. That
throws off the babies when they're born;
you want spring babies, not winter
babies.
It's dangerous for the mama
deer.
I saw the birds migrating too
early. I saw a haze and it
messed
with people's minds—you know
how people overcome
sadness?
I saw the fog; it made the
plants stop growing right
and
threw the cycle of
life off.
No
boasting. Keep your boasting to none.
You have to seek Jesus
without having people tell you how great
you are. Jesus
is
great.
Do I think college is worth it?
It depends. Diana has a Master's
degree. She graduated Summa
Cum Laude.
She graduated
top of her class for both
her Bachelor's and her Master's
and
is
still the smartest person
I've ever met. But
she only uses it every once in a
while.
What is God telling you
to do? Do you feel God has told you to
go to college? If you're
doing it to make money, I would not do
that. I would pursue God and ask Him
what He wants to do with my life before
I have some harebrained idea
like,
"I think I'm going to be
an
architect."Was
that God? No, that's flesh. Everything
you do, pray and fast and ask God what
you're supposed to do. Now, will she use
her degree in the future for our
ministry? Yes. I know why God told her
to do that now. Back then,
I thought, "What in the
world are we doing this for?"At the
time, I thought we were doing church
finances, but now our church is online.
This is our church, and we're believing
God for partners,
but I've never asked for a
dime. I know
that eventually we'll have a
congregation or a
big ministry
and she'll use it.
We see what God is doing, and this
has
really taken off now. Do I feel that
college is worth it? I personally
think there are a lot of other things you
can do to be an entrepreneur
without
going
to school. It's
a
hard question.
A lot of people feel if you don't get a good
education, you won't get the better jobs
and become CEOs.
But
you're talking to a guy who barely has
a GED.
I 70% agree with you.
Trade schools are better investments.
Learning a trade, like
being
a mechanic or
an
electrician, is
a good
idea. As
I've said,
you're talking to
a man who
has
to really study even to
read or do
math.
I would have loved to be smart
like Diana and be a
doctor or a lawyer,
but God wanted me to do what
I'm doing, and I'm thankful for what He
has me doing now—praying with you and doing
eBay and Poshmark.
I saw the guy making
arks.
He's
off. The Bible says that He will not
flood the earth again. From what I understand, he's saying
there's
going to be a major flood again. There
will be no major flood. God said
He's going to judge the earth with fire.
The Bible says that
after
the ark and
the flood, He made the
rainbow to promise He wouldn't flood the
earth again. If you think the earth
is going to be flooded again, you're not
reading your Bible. The Bible
says
He's not flooding the earth again; the
next time will be by fire.
So don't build an ark saying God
told
you a flood's coming,
because there isn't one coming.
We'll have small floods, but
He's not flooding the whole earth.
That's not biblical.
I think Bible college is a great idea. I
would go to RU.
I think OU is a great school to support,
like
Rhema.
We sell things we find
at thrift stores on eBay
and Poshmark.
We have relationships with
thrift stores. You can sell anything
on eBay, but I think anything you
can put in a poly mailer is a good
idea.
Boxes are hard and take a lot of work
to pack, but poly mailers are easy. Just drop the
item
in there and ship it off.
We put a lot on there today;
that was fun.
I guess people like asking questions.
I don't believe in Ozempic. The Lord told
me to
stay away from it. I was
going to do it, but the Lord said no.
If it helps you, that's
fine,
but I'm not a doctor
and
can't give medical advice.
He told me personally not to take Ozempic,
even though
I'm always looking for a
shortcut because I like food. Father,
I thank You for the time we have
right
now. We're going to go tubing, and I
dedicate this time to You. I'm sure
some
will be upset because it's
been
going for two hours, but we'll pray for a
little bit; it doesn't matter.
Father, I thank You for every
question they have.
Many people are hungry and
desperate for answers.
There aren't
enough
pastors who put themselves out there to
answer the hard things. Lord, I try.
I may not have all the answers, but
I know what You've told me on some
of it. I thank You that
I do my best. Many people
are looking for
leadership in these last days. Father, I
thank You that You raise up leaders with
a backbone like a crowbar who do
not sway from the hard things.
Even if they don't know the
answer, they can just say
they
don't know. Just like Kathryn
Kuhlman said,
'I don't have the answer for
that.'It's
okay to say, 'I don't
know.'Billy
tells me all the time, 'It's
okay to say I don't
know.'Father,
we worship You.
We sit at Your feet, Lord.
What
is
happening on the earth right now
with all these shootings and
everything
else?
Father, is there more we can alert
people to?
You lead, we follow.
Father, we
call forth the rain
over the area.
He said, 'I'm taking you back to what I
showed you several weeks
ago.'The
spinning of the
black and yellow on the little
hypnotic
wheel.
I see the United States flag.
On the hypnotic
wheel, it's black and yellow.
I'm down in Cuba again.
On the side of a barrel is a
black and yellow
hazard
sign.
Don't lose focus.
What in the world? I've never seen that
before.
I
see an island
with
red stuff
coming off it
that
looks like thick
blood.
It's lava.
Braden,
are
there active
or dormant volcanoes in
the Caribbean,
like in St. Martin or St. Thomas?
I see these volcanoes getting ready to
erupt
and
becoming active. I
see the lava because I'm in
the Caribbean. I see Cuba. I
saw
that thing again, and then I saw
lava flowing. There was no pier for
people to run on these islands.
The lava was pouring into the ocean, causing a lot of steam. It
was
a
massive
amount
of lava.
It's
a smaller island, not
a big
one.
The lava is all over the
north side.
Looking from Florida toward Cuba, the island is
behind Cuba.
The
eruption and the lava flow are moving
toward the
north side,
heading
toward
America. Does that
make sense? There
are dark-skinned
people on
this island; they
aren't
Hispanic.
I see a wooden cross in the
jungle with
some kind of
drapery over
it.
It's a stick cross
wrapped with twine.
They wrapped a banana
leaf around
it,
so
it
looks like
a makeshift kite, but it's
actually
a grave marker.
Now, this is interesting. I see an old
black
Bible
with gold letters. It's on
the
island with
people.
Lord, what are You showing me about this
person sitting with this Bible next to
the grave?
There
are believers
there.
I see a believer.
They're holding a holy Bible and
it's precious to them.
They look like island people. You
would say
they're
natives, native island people.
They live there. You know what I'm
talking about? Of course. I'm
not trying to make it up; I can
see them. It's more like
an island vibe. There
are structured
huts.
It's not modern
because there's a dirt path. I see this
dirt path and this individual is holding
this Bible and they're looking at this
cross.
It's a makeshift grave.
It looks
old.
It doesn't look like that big of a
grave. It might be a dog grave
or
an animal grave
because the mound
is pounded up.
They're sitting by and they have their
Bible
marked.
The
Lord said,
'You're looking into the future.
What's to
come?'I
hear him. 'What's to
come?'This
is about that virus.
Hold to God.
Hurry.
Open the door. It's time for you
to pray. Stay open.
There's lots more to come for you to
see.
Grow.
You must grow.
You must not lose your focus.
Listen to me.
They're burning them.
I see the burning.
They're burning them because of the disease. the cadavers, they're burning
them
in big fires. They're stuck in
these walls and
they
have
the
bodies in there, incinerating
them on the island.
That would seem so
uncivilized.
Who would do
that?
There are
tribal
people on this.
I see these people. They're like grass
tiki huts looking things.
They had the Bible and there's a
believer in there.
You don't know. The Lord just
said, 'You don't know the desperation of
what you're about to see.
Hold fast to what I say.
Woe
to the itching ears
today.'You
must know your authority. You must
know who you are in Christ for the days
ahead. You must
be baptized in the Holy Ghost,
praying in
the spirit.
Stir yourself in the
Holy Ghost.
Listen to him, all that he has to
say. Sit at his feet each day.
Learn to be in the intimacy. Learn to
flow in the intimacy. You must be in the
intimacy.
Listen.
Learn to pray.
Lean. The snake I can see is lean
and lean.
This is clear down in South America.
I see where it joins up
with Mexico right there or Panama.
I see there's trouble
here. All in that
area. Is that Guatemala?
I see
Guatemala
should touch his shoulder.
This is interesting because this
time I see a green snake.
I see a green snake with yellow eyes.
It's not like the python that came
around America. This is a green snake.
I'm
talking about
a neon green,
a vibrant green.
It's not a
thick snake; it's a skinny looking
snake. And it sticks its head up right
there by Guatemala.
It has a white belly.
I see the grave. I see the Bible.
Is it the islands, Lord? You
show me the islands on this. Is this two
separate visions?
I saw the islands. I saw the plague.
Are
these all separate events?
It's about getting in the water. I see
them gathering water off the trees
from
the rain.
There's a
guttering system
coming
down off these rocks.
It's
an
irrigation system.
The water's going down and they
have it tied with vine.
This vine
is
wrapping around this
makeshift gutter system.
And they're drinking
it.
Something's wrong with the water.
It has to be because there's a
snake there.
Are you saying the water's poisonous?
Father,
are we praying for those people with the
Bible?
Are they sick?
Father, they need
help.
Is that what's coming? Something wrong
with the water?
Hurry.
I call every one of them saved. We call
every one of them saved. I call that
tribe, that little village,
saved.
Father, I thank you that you're sending
in the missionaries.
Now I see David Hogan's face,
with the beard.
I see David Hogan
and he's talking to these people.
We're praying for the harvest
of the tribal people there,
the jungle people.
We're praying
into that harvest.
And then I saw Heidi. I
see the people that are out in
the bush areas,
in these island areas,
praying for the harvest and the people
in the areas
not modernized.
Send the
laborers.
The
harvest is plentiful and the
laborers
are few. Send the laborers.
Pray.
You will see
people
not full of
religion, but with the glory and the
fire of God
to drive out the
sicknesses, to drive out the devil,
laying hands on the demonic possessed and oppressed
and seeing
them
recover.
People with a backbone like a crowbar,
with the
glory of the Lord. We will reach these
people.
Stir in the churches. Stir in the people
again. Stir in the lukewarm.
Father, stir in them in the name
of Jesus.
Shake them and
awaken them. Father, bring in the
harvest.
We receive.
We thank you, Father.
Bringing them all in
with the Holy Ghost and fire.
Authentic move of God
taking us higher.
Shaking the preachers, shaking the
church.
Shake them. Waken them. For the harvest
is plentiful and the laborers are few.
Bring him in, Father.
Thank you, Father.
And all the islands
will experience the glory.
And a major revival will take place in
Ireland. We call forth Ireland to have a
major revival. I see Ireland is
highlighted; the Lord said to bring a revival
to Ireland. There
is
a lot of demonic stuff going on
there—it
is
Celtic. They are
calling out
so desperately
for revival within
the door of persecution of free
speech.
The
harvest is plentiful; the laborers are
few.
I thank you, Lord.
I thank you, Father.
It
is
interesting because
I see another cross on an old
plaque that
is
cast iron. It
like an old-looking iron with a circle
around it. There
is a
castle
and
old relics. This is
a place of great bondage of religion,
an
old way of thinking stuck on it. God
wants to bring a new way of thinking
with a fountain,
a
well of water, coming up out of this
place. A lot of old religion
and
tradition;
it
is
not even
personal.
It
is
just religious tradition
and
Pharisee. There
is
going to be a wave of
glory stirring in individuals, in these
youth—I
am
seeing
people in their 20s—and
it is
going to be like the Upper
Room experience.
And they are really going to try to
persecute you for
this—the
'old hats'with
their
old way of thinking. But there
is
a new fire here
in Ireland,
and it will start with the
20-year-olds;
they
are just on
fire. I see a group of people: a girl
and a boy.
The
girl has red
hair and fair
skin, wearing
a blue
halter top
with gold on it.
I see the
boy;
he has oily
brown hair and
wears what
looks like a burlap shirt. They
are
sitting there
praying; I believe they are praying with
us.
I can see them very
clearly.
They are
saying,
'The revival will start with
us.'I
agree with you.
Let the Lord lead you. There is a
group of you gathering and praying, and the
Lord is
going to use you,
but you have a lot of
Pharisees around you—a lot of
elders always trying
to hush you, saying, 'This is of the
devil.'But
the Holy Ghost and fire are going to stir you.
You have
gotten some good
teaching and there is a stirring in you; God
is
going to use you. I see old
religious relics around you;
it looks like a stone
graveyard
where Christians on fire come to
die.
But you are going to change that.
I can hear
it: 'This is where Christians on fire come to die.'In this area, if you are on
fire, you
do not
stay on
fire because
of
these people in black with
rope belts,
like monks.
But the revival will start with you. He
will use you for a great explosion of
glory if you just yield.
It is
all hands on deck, ladies and
gentlemen. I am telling you, He wants
to do something huge in Ireland. He
is
talking about Ireland tonight.
I can see your flag.
He has not forgotten Ireland.
It
is
not mentioned very much, not even
in our materials. But the Lord said, 'I
have not forgotten
Ireland.'It
seems very cold and damp with
a
demonic spirit over there,
but you have authority over
that—no
more.
I see meetings being held. Even
the religious
government will try to hush this and persecute you. But
you
will
stand even in persecution, and
people's lives will be changed. It will come
even through persecution, but
lives will
change.
I see a storm around it; it is trying to
get you weary
in
well-doing.
Should we just quit? No. He is going to
breathe
into you when the time gets even harder. I see a
group of you
with
curly hair. You
say,
'We
do
not
have any money,'but the Lord will provide.
Glory to God.
Father, I thank You. We just
undergird
these people. We pray for them
right now that they will have boldness
and
not shy back. They
will
stand in the name of Jesus.
When
adversity comes against
them, they will stand.
I thank You, Father, that the glory of
the Lord is on them
and
no weapon formed against
them shall prosper;
religious spirits flee when they see
the fire,
in the name of Jesus.
Thank you, Father.
Hallelujah.
Thank you, Lord.
Well, that was interesting.
We prayed for three or four
different places tonight, didn't we? We prayed for
Guatemala, the Highlands, Cuba...
we saw the spinning
gyroscope again concerning the
biological weapon. We saw Ireland,
a volcano, and
what
looked like a plague at the beginning. There
are
a lot of things
splintered in different ways:
calling for the harvest, praying for
David and his teams,
praying for a major revival in the
islands for Guatemala. He
is
talking about how the
harvest is plentiful but the laborers are
few.
What I saw looked like the jungle in
Guatemala. I
saw a
snake and
things
for
drinking water
in
those mountains.
Do people
live out there? I have no idea, but
these people look like hut
people,
not modern.
Anyone
drinking rainwater off a tree
is not modern. I
am
tired.
I
am
glad we started early tonight;
I should not have answered so many
questions,
but it is different today. They
were saying that in your tongues, you
were speaking
about volcanoes in the water in Spanish. I
said
maremoto,
which
means 'seaquake.'That
is
what you were saying.
I was seeing an earthquake and lots of
volcanoes.
Two people said that is what
it meant.
So, maremoto, huh?
Volcanoes and a lot
of fire;
I saw
the island and the people had
nowhere to
go—a
seaquake.
We thank You, Father, for showing us
what
is to come. He said, 'This is
coming; it isn't here
yet.
You're seeing the
future.'I
saw the plague and people
burning bodies.
There were so many dead; it looked
like a big arched fire pit. It was
gross, but I couldn't see
the bodies.
You don't know the desperation of
what
is
coming.
He said
it's
sugarcoated Christianity.
It's time for the church to preach
the truth, the fire of the Holy Ghost. You must
know your authority. You must know the
power of the authority of the believer
in the days ahead. People say, 'Oh well,
we're not going to see
anything.'You're
blind as a bat. You must know the power
and the authority of the believer
by meditating on the word of God. Get
the word of God down inside of your
heart. Let it change you from the inside
out.
You must know and have authority and
walk in it, lay hands on the sick and
see them recover, cast out devils, and raise
the dead. You have that power and
authority on you. You're wall-to-wall
Holy Ghost.
Don't worry about everything else. God
will provide for you. He'll take care of
you and it will be fine.
I'm
telling you all, I saw a major
revival come to Ireland, but
the Lord is focused on calling
the laborers in
tonight.
Father, we just thank you,
Lord. I
know I probably talked way too long,
Lord,
but we're so grateful, Father, for
all the time we prayed for the people
that we did.
Light the torch.
We thank you, Lord.
We thank you, Lord, as you're stirring
in our hearts today that we walk away,
Father, with this uplifted and ready to
conquer our day, Father, for this is the
day that you have made and we will
rejoice and be glad in it.
And everybody say amen and amen.
I had such a pull toward the people
down there in Guatemala, that area. It
looks so shady where they were. And then
whenever I went to
Ireland, it looked so damp and wet
where these people were. It looked cold,
very cold. And they
didn't have money.
I could see a house and I
could see out their window. They had a
window where they were praying.
It looked like an apartment or some kind
of place.
Do you see that? It looked just
something like that.
That's exactly like that.
That's neat that you'd pull up that.
It
looked like it was cold and dreary.
God bless them. Thank you, Lord,
that you stirred these people. You bring
a fire in them.
Set a fire down in my soul that I can't
contain, that I can't control. I want
more of you, God.
Thank you, Father.
Well, thank you for joining us tonight,
folks. I know it was
a
three-hour long video. I talked way too
long at the beginning
answering questions. We should have
prayed a lot more. I hope those
questions helped y'all. I know
it's just my opinion about things that
the Holy Spirit showed me. If
you don't like what I'm saying,
put it on a
shelf. I always
try to be balanced and
tell you what my heart is. You're here
and I appreciate every single one of
you, almost 7,000 of you. So,
if you're new
and you
haven't liked or subscribed, click the
like button. Click subscribe,
click the notification bell, and help us
out. We appreciate it. We're
trying to reach a million
prayer warriors for Jesus. We're praying
for all the things that the Lord has for
us in these end times. And we know that
Jesus Christ is coming
soon. He's coming back for a glorious
church. And he's coming back for a
church that's not defeated. We're not in
retreat mode. We're in
take-the-land
mode. And I believe we're
going to do mighty things for Jesus in
these last days. I tell you dark things,
but it's not about the dark things.
The church
isn't
hunkering down
and
scared. No, we have
the victory.
Every time lately, the Lord says, 'Tell
the people they have
authority.'You
must know you have authority. You're
a believing believer. You're not a
doubter. And we're not sad. We're not
scared. We're not retreating. We're
taking the land for Jesus. We have a
backbone like a crowbar,
and we're going to be victorious,
not victims.
The sky is not falling, Chicken Little. I
believe the best days are yet to come
for the body of Christ. Walking in the
glory.
As he is, so are we in this world. We're
not defeated. We are victorious. And I
want you to have a smile on your face.
Look up.
Arise and shine, for the light has come
and the glory of the Lord is risen upon
you and me. I believe it's time for us
to rise and shine.
It's not time for us to go, 'Oh, no, woe
is me.'No,
there's no woe is me. It's
about walking in the glory,
walking in victory and letting the
people see that we're salty.
We've not lost our
saltiness.
So, thank you all for your support.
Thank you for your love for my
family. We appreciate every
single one of you. Well, we'll close out
the video tonight
by saying, put a smile on your face and
a song in your heart. Jesus loves you so
much and we love you. God bless you and
we'll see you again tomorrow.
Thank you
all. God bless you. See you tomorrow.
Bye-bye.